listen there's this Netflix series
titled baby that should really not be
confused with the oscar-nominated the
boss baby
[Music]
scooter busky is a garbage baby maybe
he's just misunderstood
oh sorry I didn't realize your brother
was this is Italian series that's been
getting a lot of buzz because there are
people trying to take it down claiming
that Netflix has officially crossed the
line and I'm worried you're like haven't
they already let me explain so to me
this series is like The Bling Ring but
with sex it originally was eight
episodes long and for some reason two
were cut so I don't know if those were
the episodes that had all of the really
explicit stuff but you pretty much
follow these two girls who meet up in
high school with two completely
different goals here is decotis of the
group who wants to get the scholarship
to go to school overseas elite style
because her family is completely broken
back home in Rome but instead of
studying abroad she starts studying this
one ludos the one who starts the
business she's the Zak to her Cody who
just wants to drop out of school
dad's not paying her tuition boyfriend
released their sex tape and when she
starts dating this dude named fiora who
owns a nightclub girl starts making
money in a different way Osito
[Music]
now of course there's a bunch of other
characters like Damiano who's this
ambassador's bastard he's a scapegoat
drug dealer who's always getting blamed
for everything he's always getting into
trouble because he looks like young lean
there's Camilla and Nicole oh who are
siblings but since he's secretly
smashing his sister's best friend they
kind of start drifting apart Fabio is
the principal son hula piache la pasta
the penne
but the main controversy comes from
savetti oh the pimp who's using fiora to
recruit girls mainly these two girls and
I don't know if it's just people not
watching the show I mean they were
trying to ban it before the show even
came out so I guess that is the case but
I personally don't think they were
glorifying any type of lifestyle in this
one at all like yeah they get lured into
it and they start making money and they
kind of like it but it's not like they
immediately become Mary Magdalene's do
you think it's true what the fight about
making them vodka no but making bad
decisions can sometimes be
the right thing to do
Damiano actually even kills Saverio in a
car accident when he sees Ludo getting
used the girls collect the phones by the
end of the season to make sure that they
have all of their contacts and photos
and by the end of it you actually get
the most anti climactic finale that I've
seen in an applic so say I see the
[ __ ] Avena terrible odor uma say
Fortunato la nostra el medio de Monte
possibily Samy mercy Quest acuario
bellissimo Bassanio Mel Mara
hey Cooper care / supervisor a b-movie
Sonia univita cigarette which again
brings me to the idea that there was a
lot of stuff that got cut in those two
episodes but the big buzz around this
show came when the National Center on
sexual exploitation got 55 victims of
sex trafficking to write a letter asking
Netflix to drop this show before it even
aired and we're telling people to not
watch it and what's funny is that it was
that letter that put this show on my
radar to watch to begin with now I'm not
saying that they don't have a case right
like this show is based off of a
real-life case known as baby squeal that
happened in Italy
back in 2013 there were these two girls
one who was 14 the other 16 who pretty
much just searched up how to get easy
money on Google and they started selling
their bodies in order to buy Lois bags
and every other designer item that they
wanted and just like in the show they
had their pimps who were getting them
clients but it was really messed up in
the real life story was that the mom of
the 14 year old was also low on money so
she actually forced her daughter to keep
going like they brought up in court that
the girl got tired of working and just
wanted to do actual homework but her mom
told her no she had to go on like three
more days before she can even touch her
math homework it was disgusting what's
crazy is that prostitution is actually
legal in Italy but of course unless you
call them by their name with minors it's
a no-no so even though they were making
around $600 a day all of that cutscenes
when they got caught and everybody went
to jail the pimps the moms a police
officer who was one of their premiere
clients who funny enough was married to
a senator and
senator just so happens to be the
granddaughter of Mussolini so I guess he
was just continuing the legacy of being
a dictator now obviously the real story
is messed up you know I don't condone
that at all and considering that there's
always people who watch youtube videos
and get angry in the comments because
they only heard spurts are repeated
again I don't condone that lifestyle at
all but the Netflix series has clear
differences from the real life story for
everyone who thinks Netflix has crossed
line with this one you are groping me
and if anyone's gonna get croaked it's
gonna be me yes I know I can't believe
this but this is my brother ty and he's
deaf too didn't you just say there's
nothing wrong with being gay for you
are you sure spike sexualized ourselves
yeah it's for a good cause now nobody's
eating my wieners boy they stopped
caring a long time ago see as much as I
bashed 13 reasons why right and I don't
really like that show I'm never against
them telling their story
I truly believe every crappy cliche show
should get the opportunity to be shown
well this 2001 thing is supposed to be a
masterpiece oh god it's so boring oh
yeah but at least as long you should
still see it though you know so at least
when pretentious people talk about it
you can yawn really loudly and get
shredded to pieces what I am against is
when shows like 13 reasons why pretend
that it's preventing suicide when it's
literally pushing people to become
Hannah bakers for attention you know
something that I mentioned two years ago
when I covered the show and now y'all
want to believe me baby isn't telling
girls to go take Netflix and chill to a
whole nother level it's just showing you
a lifestyle that unlike the amalgamation
of attention that other shows do is
actually real
and it's a tame adaptation at that see
if some of you actually tried meth after
watching just one season of Breaking Bad
then that's your Pinkman looking selves
fault
this is the first still of Breaking Bad
of him and his tighty-whiteys out in a
desert in an RV and later seasons get
worse so believe me shows that show bad
people are not glorifying that lifestyle
and
sango's with baby you're goddamn right
they clearly point out at Episode five
how it's these two scumbags who are
clearly manipulating the girls that they
claim they're not manipulating that's
how you know you're manipulating because
addition is your friend I don't agree
with limiting shows just because we
don't want to see bad people be bad
people in shows that's the way it goes
it's okay for main characters to make
mistakes and go down bad pass some learn
from it others don't
yeah well I'm the queen of bad decisions
and I'm the king seriously but unless
it's an adaptation of mind Kampf
literally trying to manipulate you and
the rest of these are just stories and I
don't believe we should be censoring
other people's stories even when I think
they're just ass treatment I wonder with
this cartoony anecdote right here right
growing up and going to a lot of
churches I would always hear about the
evils of the media and while I do agree
that it's influential obviously if a
movie can encourage you to do something
positive it can definitely discourage
you or I guess encourage you to do
something bad but the idea of not
showing anything horrible ever and
ignoring evil like it doesn't exist
always confuse me because there are a
lot of movies about human trafficking
but they're so corny that it's not
reaching the people who actually need to
hear it how we can make fun to take in
all we want because it's an action movie
but i legit know people who have taken
extra precautions when they're overseas
you know they're turning on Find My
iPhone share my location we're in a damn
towel around their neck so they don't
get lost after watching that movie
because people learn best when they're
not being preached to in my opinion when
they can relate to characters that are
actually being built so when I hear
boycotts and censorships for any movie
that's partially pg-13 I kind of laugh
especially when you consider the bible
thumpers who ignore the fact that King
David from the Bible smashed a girl he
saw bathing from his rooftop he then
killed her husband and then he had kids
who raped each other because of all of
that buffoonery now that's a story that
belongs on the big screen see the
funniest thing about censorship isn't
when groups confused what's problematic
and what's just an impactful
it's when they end up censoring
themselves
thank you guys check it out this video
I'm really curious to know your thoughts
about it I know I had a bunch of people
who were recommending this one asking me
my thoughts again I'm curious to see
what those last two episodes were
missing I don't think they're gonna be
doing a season two with this one
considering some of the backlash that
they got bit insatiable got a lot of
backlash Netflix gave that a second one
thirteen reasons why it's just based off
of like a 90 minute read that thing is
getting three seasons there there's a
bunch of things out there that are
clearly getting sequels that a lot of
people have complained about and Netflix
you know is in it for the money but this
is one of those cases where I don't
agree that this is something that's
telling people to go out and become
prostitutes there's just a story of a
couple of girls and I think if anything
this may show some people to not go down
this lifestyle and the people who were
thinking of doing it may be doing it
either way
I don't know I think the bigger problem
Netflix has that they keep lying about
their streaming numbers they keep saying
to breaking all these other records
that's something that I need to cover
and break down because somebody's
stopped Netflix from all this stuff
kearson are your thoughts down below did
you like this series who is your
favorite character what other series
would you recommend we do in Ella me on
down below in the comment section don't
forget to let us know your thoughts
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you to Rome